Zinc
Zinc House Hanoun We were displaced from Beit Hanoun to the
monastery in the shelter of Al-Aish, the school of Al-Aish in
Deir Al-Balah. The place was very large and
ruined. Officially, the place is very
empty. There are 11 families now, so take from
almost every family that has less. The least family has
two people, and the least family has
two people.  We are all in
one row. There is no shampoo. There
is no laundry soap. There are basic things. There is not
even hand sanitizer. There is no medicine
in a pill. We bought a small pill,
about a shekel, and it takes half of it for three days. Of course, this is
Naber. I mean, after his suffering, I found
love, love, love for
the eagle, and I did not find it except with good health, I mean now
as well.  Two days have passed, but currently there is no special doctor
or even an imaging of the fetus to lose this thing, and there are
no complete treatments. I mean, currently in the
first months, for example, a lion's jaw requires something
basic, which is fish oil. These things are
considered vitamins. These things are essential
in the first month, but they are not in it at all.  Even
the government or wherever you want to photograph the fetus, they
will tell you, “No, no, this is just an emergency.” I mean, it is a package that
we took out, for example, a carton. The same carton contains
canned food that smells rotten.
Every carton has been finished in the first place. I mean, there are things that are
not even usable, even though they are
canned and are on the market, regardless of how much.  However, it is also
not usable. Even the schools have
no longer felt that they
hit such-and-such a school. I mean, as
they say, we are sitting in the place and we are
saying, “Hey, quiet, when will it be our turn?” How did we want?
Our feeling of fear has started to affect us. It affects the
fetus. I mean, we have become afraid.  Indeed, on
ourselves and the fetus, life ends.
We are now waiting for the moment life ends